YAML default width (#1960)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed an issue in **format** and **init** to limit the width of a line in YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an agrument to YAMLHandler, allowing to set a maximal width for YAML files.
```
